profile/README.md, before:

![Esslingen University Logo](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/233994808?s=200&v=4)

# Distributed & Networked Systems Repository

Welcome to the public code repository related to distributed and networked systems topics. This repository serves as a comprehensive resource hub for students, researchers, and practitioners working in the field of distributed systems, networking, and related technologies.

## 🎯 About This Repository

This repository is designed to support education, research, and practical implementation of distributed and networked systems concepts. It provides access to a wide range of materials that is intendend to facilitate learning and experimentation in these critical areas of computer science.

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions from students, faculty, and the broader community! Here's how you can get involved:

```
[ Fork ] → [ Branch ] → [ Edit ] → [ Commit ] → [ Push ] → [ PR ] → [ Review ]
```

## 📞 Contact Information

If you want to get in touch with us for any questions, suggestions, or collaboration opportunities, please contact us via email at:

*  **Dennis Grewe** : For further information, please contact Dennis Grewe at [hs-esslingen.de](https://www.hs-esslingen.de).
*  **Jörg Nitzsche** : For further information, please contact Jörg Nitzsche at [hs-esslingen.de](https://www.hs-esslingen.de).

## 📄 License

Please check the license file of each particilar repository provided in this organization for more detailed information.

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

We thank all contributors, students, and researchers who have helped build and maintain this repository. Special recognition goes to the Esslingen University community for their ongoing support and collaboration.

---

*This repository is maintained by representatives at Esslingen University. We are committed to advancing education and research in distributed systems and fostering a collaborative learning environment.*

**Happy coding and learning! 🚀**

Commit message:

update introduction of orga
Signed-off-by: Dennis Grewe <dennis.grewe@hs-esslingen.de>

profile/README.md, after:

![Esslingen University Logo](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/233994808?s=200&v=4)

# Distributed & Networked Systems Repository

Welcome to the public code repository related to distributed and networked systems topics. This repository serves as a comprehensive resource hub for students, researchers, and practitioners working in the field of distributed systems, networking, and related technologies.

## 🎯 About This Repository

This repository is designed to support education, research, and practical implementation of distributed and networked systems concepts. It provides access to a curated range of materials that is intendend to facilitate learning and experimentation in these critical areas of computer science. While the repositories are mainly developed and maintained by students of curated courses and modules at Esslingen University, we welcome contributions from the broader community!

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions from students, faculty, and the broader community! Here's how you can get involved:

```
[ Fork ] → [ Branch ] → [ Edit ] → [ Commit ] → [ Push ] → [ PR ] → [ Review ]
```

## 📞 Contact Information

If you want to get in touch with us for any questions, suggestions, or collaboration opportunities, please contact us via email at:

*  **Dennis Grewe** : For further information, please contact Dennis Grewe at [hs-esslingen.de](https://www.hs-esslingen.de).
*  **Jörg Nitzsche** : For further information, please contact Jörg Nitzsche at [hs-esslingen.de](https://www.hs-esslingen.de).

## 📄 License

Please check the license file of each particilar repository provided in this organization for more detailed information.

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

We thank all contributors, students, and researchers who have helped build and maintain this repository. Special recognition goes to the Esslingen University community for their ongoing support and collaboration.

---

*This repository is maintained by representatives at Esslingen University. We are committed to advancing education and research in distributed systems and fostering a collaborative learning environment.*

**Happy coding and learning! 🚀**
